Issue/88 (#200)
gruntwork-io/kubergrunt: README.md

choco install kubergrunt
```

### AWS CLI authentication

> For authenticating with AWS CLI before you can run kubergrunt/eksctl commands, please see our [authentication guide](https://blog.gruntwork.io/a-comprehensive-guide-to-authenticating-to-aws-on-the-command-line-63656a686799)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to authenticate with the AWS CLI before you can run kubergrunt/eksctl commands, please see our [authentication guide](https://blog.gruntwork.io/a-comprehensive-guide-to-authenticating-to-aws-on-the-command-line-63656a686799)
```
